In the Internet space a large variety of online libraries is enough, visiting "which" you can download books for yourself in a variety of electronic formats ?! For not yet advanced users, choosing the right or the most optimal format can be a very difficult task, and indeed it's quite easy to get lost in the sea of ​​PDF, DOC, DjVu, FB2, RTF, HTML, RSS LRF or many others. On our site one of the main formats - TXT - is the text file format, which is most often used in Notepad. At us you can always absolutely free download a lot of books in this format.
     Electronic books in txt format are designed in the form of a simple text (there are no pictures in them). Footnotes are most often not made, or they are at the beginning or end of the book, like other additional information, like a couple of words about the author, content or publishing. Usually, if you need to go to another part of the book, use the text search (a previously copied text fragment is entered into the search system) or the bookmarking system helps in this case. Download books in txt format is much more convenient and preferable to others.
First, they are more likely to "weigh" less than others (because they contain only test information); plus it helps to save space on the device and money, just here you can download free books without registering in the format txt !?
Secondly, this text is easy enough to edit "for yourself" - set the text size, font, add notes or even replace part of the text, help your favorite hero a little, transform the book or change its format to any other more convenient.
Thirdly, to read this format absolutely does not need a state-of-the-art e-book, moreover, it supports almost any device suitable for reading (including a phone on the android platform, tablet or even mp3, as well as in absolutely any suitable editor on the computer ) - this is the main, most important plus of this format.
     Like any other, TXT has its drawbacks, for example it does not support hyperlinks. In this text there are no pictures. However, this absolutely does not interfere with the absolute majority of users, because the convenience of reading and download speed are much more important.
     For those who simply can not imagine life without reading, and has many books on their device, this format is absolutely not replaceable. On our site you can always download absolutely any exchanged book in TXT.
     We suggest you choose txt books from the category list or use the search