In Internet space a large variety of online libraries is enough, visiting "which "you download books yourself in a variety of electronic formats?!  
yet advanced users, choosing right or most optimal format be a very difficult task, and indeed it 's quite easy to lost in of ??,, DjVu,,, HTML, or many others. 
On our site one of main formats - - is text file format, which is most often used in Notepad.
At us you always absolutely free download a of books in this format.
Electronic books in format are designed in form of a simple text (there are no pictures in them). 
Footnotes are most often made, or they are at beginning or end of book, like other additional information, like a couple of words about author, content or publishing.
Usually, if you need to go to another part of book, use text search (a previously copied text fragment is entered into search system) or bookmarking system helps in this case.
Download books in format is much more convenient and preferable to others.
First, they are more likely to "weigh "less than others (because they contain only test information); plus it helps to save space on device and money, just here you download free books without registering in format!?   
Secondly, this text is easy enough to edit "yourself "- text size, font, add notes or even replace part of text, help your favorite hero a little, transform book or change its format to any other more convenient.  
Thirdly, to read this format absolutely does need a state-of - the-art e-book, moreover, it supports almost any device suitable reading (including a phone on android platform, tablet or even, as well as in absolutely any suitable editor on computer this is main, most important plus of this format. 
Like any other, its drawbacks, example it does support hyperlinks.
In this text there are no pictures.
However, this absolutely does interfere with absolute majority of users, because convenience of reading and download speed are much more important.
those simply imagine life without reading, and many books on their device, this format is absolutely replaceable.
On our site you always download absolutely any exchanged book in.

